# Exercise 2c

Inside this directory, you can find all the materials and codes used to solve the exercise.

- **Codes**: here are stored all the C codes used to implement the resolution of problem and to produce the data. The final version of the full parallel and optimize algorithm is "mandelbrot_parallel_refactor.c", however, I left inside another parallel version, not fully optimized and with a naive algorithm ("mandelbrot_parallel.c"). These two versions are left inside for the efficiency tests. Moreover, a version of the algorithm without OpenMP was left inside. For more information about the codes and the proposed algorithm check the directory's README and the report.

- **Data**: In this directory, I have deposited all the time data produced to test the efficiency of our solution in comparison with the other versions of the algorithm proposed in "Codes". This directory is only a stash for the data. To visualize the results with all the comments, you can look to the report or, alternatevely, look to the Python Notebook I have deposited inside this directory. This notebook contains all the codes and comments produced elaborating the files in "Data". The fundamental parts and the conclusions are reported also in the report. However, if you are interested on the exact codes used to elaborate the data or further insights and comments, please take a look to this notebook. 

- **Image Render**: to render the image I opted an external solution. Programmed using Processing 4, an open source graphical engine base on Java, this small code is able, given the "output.csv" produced by the Codes, to transform the values in an image and both visualising and saving it in file. I have left a documentation inside the directory for using the code.